=pod

=head1 NAME

Number::LibPhoneNumber

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Number::LibPhoneNumber is a module which provides a perl interface to Google's
libphonenumber.

Google's libphonenumber is a C++ library which provides an excellent interface
for parsing and formatting international phone numbers.

=head1 PREREQUISITES

Before you can build Number::LibPhoneNumber, you need to to have the following
installed on your system:

=over 4

=item *

Perl 5.8.0 or greater

=item *

Google's libphonenumber

Libphonenumber can be obtained from
https://github.com/googlei18n/libphonenumber

=item *

A C++11 compliant compiler

=back

=head1 BUILDING THE MODULE

Assuming you have all of the prerequisites, building should be realtively
straightforward.

 perl Makefile.PL
 make
 make test

If perl cannot find your libphonenumber library or includes, you can specify
them either via the command line, or, via environment variables:

 perl Makefile.PL LIBPHONENUMBER_INCLUDE=/path/to/include LIBPHONENUMBER_LIB=/path/to/libdir

=head1 INSTALLATION

 make install

=head1 TROUBLESHOOTING

If you get an error like this:

 Can't link/include C library 'phonenumbers/phonenumberutil.h', 'phonenumber', aborting.

This symptom can only mean that you either do not have libphonenumber (and its
headers) installed on your system, or, the compiler was unable to locate the
headers and/or the library itself.  The solution is to specify the path to the
include and lib directory where the library and its headers are on the command
line as shown above.

=head1 LICENSE

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2016 by Michael Schout.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
